
xcalc*geometry: 200x275
xcalc.ti.bevel.background: #111111
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.background: Green
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.DEG.background: Green
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.DEG.foreground: Black
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.GRAD.background: Green
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.GRAD.foreground: Black
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.RAD.background: Green
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.RAD.foreground: Black
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.INV.background: Green
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.INV.foreground: Red
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.LCD.background: Green
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.LCD.foreground: Black
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.LCD.shadowWidth: 0
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.M.background: Green
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.M.foreground: Black
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.P.background: Green
xcalc.ti.bevel.screen.P.foreground: Black
xcalc.ti.Command.foreground: White
xcalc.ti.Command.background: black
xcalc.ti.button5.background: orange
xcalc.ti.button20.background: red
xcalc.ti.button25.background: red
xcalc.ti.button30.background: red
xcalc.ti.button35.background: red
xcalc.ti.button40.background: green
xcalc.ti.button22.background: blue
xcalc.ti.button23.background: blue
xcalc.ti.button24.background: blue
xcalc.ti.button27.background: blue
xcalc.ti.button28.background: blue
xcalc.ti.button29.background: blue
xcalc.ti.button32.background: blue
xcalc.ti.button33.background: blue
xcalc.ti.button34.background: blue
xcalc.ti.button37.background: blue
XCalc*Cursor:                 hand2
XCalc*ShapeStyle:             rectangle

